Add alternative Phillips Hue bulb reset method (#29955)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zha.markdown

Philips Hue bulbs/lights that have previously been paired/added to another bridge/gateway will not show up during search in ZHA to pair/add a Zigbee device. That is because you have to first manually restore your bulbs/lights back to their factory default settings first, and just removing them from your old bridge/gateway is not enough to do so. Instead to achieve a proper device factory reset you can use one of these methods below.

> You can use a Philips Hue Dimmer Switch or Lutron Connected Bulb Remote to factory-reset your bulbs. For this to work, the remote does not have to be paired with your previous bridge. Also, make sure there are no other Hue bulbs nearby that have just been turned on when using this method as you otherwise risk resetting them too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a Philips Hue Dimmer Switch or Lutron Connected Bulb Remote to factory-reset your bulbs. For this to work, the remote does not have to be paired with your previous bridge. Also, make sure there are no other Hue bulbs nearby that have just been turned on when using this method. Otherwise, you risk resetting them too.
```

> Newer Phillips Hue bulbs you can reset via Bluetooth. The offical Android app can connect to one of these bulbs even if it is already paired to a bridge. Then you can reset the bulb in the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Newer Philips Hue bulbs you can reset via Bluetooth. The official Android app can connect to one of these bulbs even if it is already paired to a bridge. Then, you can reset the bulb in the app.
```
